following continues first language and
bias towards close your discretion is
advised look what the crows did to my
garbage on my back deck that is not cool
so now I'm waiting some crows with this
guy this is to all the crows that ever
fuck with my garbage please don't fuck
with my garbage convenient no crows now
the hunt begins there's one cock oh
there's one
damn it piece of shit crow I will get
you I gotta get some co2 and I'm going
to get that motherfucker birds don't
even know what's coming to them
I'm ready for these guys that's my
stingray the custom barrel scope and
that's my little best still there just
got out with new cartridges and I get
ready here and go to sleep and wake up
to hear some crows
right now he's
those fucking trees there's two I that
right there
they don't see me
bitches don't come back I took three
days but it happened bitches don't come
back take you ready crows no crows were
harmed in the making of this video